mom so today we're gonna do a fc I'm
begging and boxing good move away with
this I meant to film it last week and I
forgot but we're going to go through
this is my maid bag you don't know what
if she is ten dollar a month beauty
subscription and as soon as the men film
this video I'm going to film kind of
rundown of all the beauty boxes thought
I get in like a quick summary of like
cost and white what to expect just kind
of run in a beauty boxes because I get a
lot of them and I've tried a lot of them
and a lot of them but this is definitely
one of my favorites will spoil alert on
that one of my two favorites so let's
jump radiance me up and I'm in love with
this bag I feel like this is the cutest
little make a bag that if she is put out
yet how cute is this contents my life
Carlo fro though and it's from breakups
to make up some of the card saw
something move dropping things I know
the theme is jet setter the first thing
I point out of here is the Urban Decay
hi color lip gloss samples right here
but what's cool about it is so you get
this little pencil I'm Cindy since sighs
it's one of their mini sizes so if
you're familiar with urban decay at all
it's one of their travel sized prep your
lips for revolution high color lip gloss
what was a 24-7 glide on lip pencil
applies invisibly glides on smoothly and
grabs onto color to help the last so
it's a clear lip liner and lip primer so
it's going to help your color stay in
and you can see with any color ever
which is awesome I have one of these
similar one of these from Lancome and I
love it because you can use it with any
color ever and you get couple samples of
their lip glosses fail bait looks
freaking amazing I really want the liar
the class I've not got the google trying
to behave it's really hard you don't
like behaving I like to buy things like
goodbye all the makeup look how cute
this is so it says luxe 205 tapered
blending it is pink
this pink and it's a blinding brush you
can never have too many of these line
brushes this looks exactly like what I
just got from morphe that I really love
just kind of kind of tapered blending
smaller so it's really good for the
crease but not like too small it's so
cute only everything was pink I think
it's funny that I'm obsessed with pink
and I were like with the exception of
today all black everything Amy naturally
kind morning to matt finish moisturizer
cream hydrant controls oiliness and
shine hydrates and softens so this is
cool I have definitely as it's been
getting warmer out experience a little
more oil on my nose area it's not quite
my t-zone because I don't get it too
much on my forehead or my chin it's
literally just like my nose just middles
gets oiling it depends on what
moisturizers I use with it if I've used
my clarisonic today if i use my
clarisonic i don't usually have that
problem in my prime that certain primers
and all the problem but it's a nun
number one and pretty much only place on
my makeup or will ever break up is on my
nose so to have some is gonna help keep
me mad it's moisturizer no Pat not a bad
thing especially because I have
definitely been looking into more matte
primers and all of that Jess needs me
bellapierre cosmetics this is a gel
eyeliner in Ebony you all know me you
know I love my black eyeliners like jaws
let's see oh it's nice and smooth dad
just a nice black eyeliner its full-size
I'm not sure how much it retails for but
it's a full-size bellapierre eyeliner
something that will definitely get use
out of like I said I love when they send
me stuff that I will get use out of and
yeah probably so I stuff in this guy
there's one more thing in my Ipsy bag
it's the Brio pulsar rozar come look oh
no but it's a reparative leave in
conditioning spray it's got rosehip
argon and coconut oil
so that's cool I definitely have been
trying to over moisturize my hair and
trying to get it healthy because I feel
like parts of my hair just like not
growing anymore because I completely my
natural hair anyway but I'm just trying
to try everything if you guys have any
tips that have like make your hair grow
like crazy I would love that and just I
don't know as much as I love my
extensions I love wearing them pretty
much every day I would like the fit the
point where I really don't like my hair
and it's gotten a little too short for
my liking so I feel like I need to wear
extensions or wear my hair completely up
so anyway anything that's going to help
condition my hair I'm just trying to
load my hair with conditioners and all
that good stuff plus I love having some
like this just kind of spritz on the
ends of my extensions if they end up
getting a little bit dry alright lo
is everything that I got in my etsy bag
what did you get in Europe seed bag this
month definitely give this video a
thumbs up if you like these beauty box
and boxing's and share this video if you
liked it because that does help me out
so so much and it just means everything
you guys are so awesome thank you so
much for watching and I will talk to you
soon
what else is in here what are you two
year hey love woo